docs: Clarify secret access, production storage, and Cloud secrets (#663)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/06-concepts/07-configuration.md

export SERVERPOD_PASSWORD_stripeApiKey=sk_test_123...
```

#### Accessing Secrets in Code

Secrets are only available on the server. They are never sent to or accessible from your Flutter app.

Inside an endpoint, read a secret from the [`Session`](sessions) through the `passwords` map:

```dart
Future<void> processPayment(Session session, PaymentData data) async {
  final stripeApiKey = session.passwords['stripeApiKey'];
  // Use the API key to make requests to Stripe.
}
```

`session.serverpod.getPassword('stripeApiKey')` returns the same value.

Outside of a request, for example during startup in your server's `run` function, read it from the `Serverpod` instance with `getPassword`:

```dart
// `pod` is the Serverpod instance created in run().
final stripeApiKey = pod.getPassword('stripeApiKey');
```

This works for built-in and custom secrets alike, whether they come from the passwords file or an environment variable.

#### Secrets in Production

> A new project gitignores `config/passwords.yaml` and credential files such as `config/firebase_service_account_key.json`, so secrets are not committed by default. Keep production secrets out of source control.

Reviewer: Small nit, reads cleaner without "gitignores" as a verb:
```suggestion
A new project's `.gitignore` excludes `config/passwords.yaml` and credential files such as `config/firebase_service_account_key.json`, so secrets are not committed by default. Keep production secrets out of source control.
```

In production, set secrets through `SERVERPOD_PASSWORD_*` environment variables, or your host's secret manager, rather than a checked-in passwords file.

> #### Secrets on Serverpod Cloud

Reviewer: This uses `scloud password set`, which is Cloud's *Passwords* tier, but the page it links to defines "Secrets" as a separate tier (encrypted values injected as named env vars, not `getPassword`). So readers land on "Secrets" meaning something different from what they just set. The mapping is right, just the heading word collides. Could we retitle to "Passwords on Serverpod Cloud," or note that `getPassword` maps to Cloud's Passwords tier?
